Updated score spec property descriptions (#101)
score-spec/docs: content/en/docs/score specification/score-spec-reference.md

The Score Specification is a YAML file that contains the following top-level reference definitions.

Use these definitions to describe a single workload.

- [Workload definition](#workload-definition): (required) defines the API version and metadata.

> - [service](#service-definition): (optional) defines the service that the workload provides.

Reviewer: I'd suggest we still explain `service` one _after_ the `containers` section. That should increase familiarity because most people will feel more comfortable seeing the container definition first - it's what people expect and loks familiar.

I'm not sure why we define service first in the spec document, but the order there isn't particularly purposeful.

Author: gotcha, yes I was orienting towards the order in the schema. Will change it back and we can eventually change it in the schema for consistency. changed it back 👍

metadata:
  name: string
  annotations: # optional
    annotations-name: string # optional
```

> `apiVersion`: the declared Score Specification version. Find the current version [here](https://github.com/score-spec/spec/blob/main/score-spec-v1b1.yaml).

Reviewer: Shouldn't we link to the real spec? https://github.com/score-spec/schema/blob/main/score-v1b1.json

Author: Done ✅

`metadata`: the metadata description of your workload.
  - `name`: a string that describes your workload.
  - `annotations`: a set of optional annotations that apply to the workload and can be passed through to the destination runtime.

### Workload example

The following is a top level description for a workload.

```yaml
apiVersion: score.dev/v1b1

metadata:
  name: hello-world
  annotations:
    example.com/my-annotation: value

> service:

Reviewer 2: Sorry for my piecemeal feedback, just now noticing this: can we reverse the order of `service` and `container` in this section as well for consistency?

Author: Good point, changed! ✅

          value: Awesome
```

## Service definition

A `service` contains one or more networks ports that can be exposed to external applications.

> The `port` specification can include `public port` and should include `container port`.

Reviewer 2: That nomenclature confuses me a little. Can we change it like this:
```suggestion
The `port` specification must include the public `port` and should include the container `targetPort`.
```
